Include a maze in one of the dungeon rooms
Final game will probably just be one huge(sort of) dungeon. Multiple items to collect,
including some elemental weapons, keys, and a couple of health upgrades.
Acquiring items will grant access to more rooms, and the deeper you go,
the more difficult the enemies will get, as they will be able to resist
your weapons with different types of shields. Counter their shields with the
proper element.

##
Enemy Types
##
Gun does weak non-elemental damage.
Fire beats ice, ice beats fire
Wind beats thunder, thunder beats wind

1. Certain enemies require a specific elemental attack to be damaged at all.
2. Others will resist all elements except for the one they're weak to, but non-elemental damage will still work. However, their weakness will deal massive damage.
3. Every other type of enemy is non-elemental.

Examples of the 3 types of enemies:
1. Fire based enemy can only be damaged by non-elemental or ice attacks [Attacks player with fire]
2. Fire shield enemy can only be damaged by ice attacks. [No special attacks, just special defense]
3. Non elemental enemies have no special properties. [Basic skeleton]



##
Weapons
##
if super effective: deal 2x damage
0. Critter beam (deal a bit of damage to your enemies)
- Bullets disappear on collision
- No special animation
- Fire the bullet based on direction

1. Fire sword (deal massive damage with a fiery blade)
- Mimic sword mechanics from ALTTP

2. Ice cleats (Hold Z to tackle enemies and freeze them. Not to be confused with ice skates!)
- While holding the button, you move faster but cant change direction. -> State of tackling
- Collision with walls/blocks/enemies
- Freeze the enemy for a few seconds. Every enemy needs to have a freeze timer and a frozen state

3. Thunderclap (decimate enemies surrounding you. "With the sound of the thunderclap, begone...")
- Cooldown (10 seconds)
- Deal massive thunder damage to everything within a rect that uses the player as a centerpoint

4. Wind slash (Sends forth a slash that can pierce through enemies and walls)
- Energy meter that requires pickups to replenish
- OR make it like the charge beam and have the meter represent how charged the slash is

##
PROGRAM THAT GUN!